#BT Exp : 1 Installation of Metamask and study spending Ether per transaction.

Step 1: Visit https://metamask.io/
Step 2: Click "Download for"
Step 3: Click the "Add to Chrome" button.
Step 4: In the Popup that appears, click 'Add Extension'
Step 5: Once installation is complete this page will be displayed. Click on the Get Started button

#BT Exp : 2 Create your own wallet using Metamask for crypto transactions.

Step 6: Click I Agree button to allow data to be collected to help improve MetaMask or else 
		click the No Thanks button. The wallet can still be created even if the user will click on the 
		No Thanks button.
Step 7: This is the first time creating a wallet, so click the Create a Wallet button.      
		If there is already a wallet then import the already created using the Import Wallet button.
Step 8: Create a password for your wallet. This password is to be entered every time the 
		browser is launched and wants to use MetaMask. A new password needs to be created if chrome is 
		uninstalled or if there is a switching of browsers. In that case, go through the Import Wallet button. 
		This is because MetaMask stores the keys in the browser. Agree to Terms of Use.
Step 9: Click on "Next"
Step 10: Click on the dark area which says Click here to reveal secret words to get your secret phrase.
Step 11: Click the buttons respective to the order of the words in your seedphrase.
Step 12: Click the Confirm button
Step 13: All done

////////////////// Exp 1
What is MetaMask
	MetaMask is a popular cryptocurrency wallet known for its ease of use, availability on 
both desktops and mobile devices, the ability to buy, send, and receive cryptocurrency 
from within the wallet, and collect non-fungible tokens (NFTs) across two blockchains. 
While experienced crypto users will appreciate the simplicity and fast transactions, 
those new in the space are at a higher risk of losing their tokens from lost secret phrases, 
malicious websites, and other cryptocurrency scams.
	MetaMask is a software cryptocurrency wallet used to interact with the Ethereum blockchain. 
It allows users to access their Ethereum wallet through a browser extension or mobile app, 
which can then be used to interact with decentralized applications.

Advantage
-popular
-simple
-lover space
-integrated

disavtage
-third party

Alternatives of MetaMask
-Combase wallet
-Brave wallet
-My Ether wallet

connecting with dapps
	The next important and most popular notable of applications of metomask focuses on connecting with 
dapps or smart contracts. You can click on the "connecting to wallet" button or a similar Options or 
the decentralized app plotform you wont to use.

Sending Transactions 
	Another interesting highlight about the metamask wallet is that it simplifies transactions.you con 
	enter the recipient address and the amount you want to send alongside to a transaction fee and click 
	on "send" to send transactions! Users can also leverage information from FTH Gas stations or 
	related platforms for mannual adjustment of the transaction fee.

conclusion: 
	MetaMosk was installed and spending other per transaction has been studied.
	
/////////////Exp 2
What Is a Cryptocurrency Wallet?
A cryptocurrency wallet is an application that functions as a wallet for your cryptocurrency. It is called a wallet because it is used similarly to a wallet you put cash and cards in. Instead of holding these physical items, it stores the passkeys you use to sign for your cryptocurrency transactions and provides the interface that lets you access your crypto.

Cryptocurrency Wallet Types
The are two main types of wallets, custodial and noncustodial. Custodial wallets are hosted by a third party that stores your keys for you
This could be a company that provides enterprise-level data security systems businesses use to preserve and secure data. Some cryptocurrency exchanges offer custodial wallets for their customers. Noncustodial wallets are wallets in which you take responsibility for securing your keys. This is the type that most cryptocurrency wallets on devices are.

MetaMask wallet key features
- Easy to use. 
	The wallet offers an intuitive and straightforward user interface that
makes the management of crypto currencies and interaction with DApps easier
than ever before.

Integration with various DApps
	Meta Mask’s users can connect with numerous
decentralized applications with a single tap on the screen

Hardware wallets support. MetaMask service is compatible with hardware
crypto currency wallets like Ledger, Nano, or Trezor

NFT support. MetaMask wallet also allows storing NFTs. When a user buys an
NFT on a platform, the token is automatically displayed in the tab of collectible
items in the wallet.

Main functions of a crypto currency wallet
 Registration.
 Applicable exchange rate
 Operations with the crypto currency assets
 Favourite addresses
 Employing other block chains

How does the Meta Mask Wallet function?
	Meta Mask Crypto Currency wallet employs the web 3.js library to function. This library is a 
	part of the official Ethereum product. The library was developed focusing on the requirements of 
	web applications that could interact interact with the ethereum of block chain. and take advantage 
	of all block chain's benefits and functions

Conclusion:
	Hence wallet using metamask for crypto transfer has been created.